what's your favorite thing in the store
right now everything that kid right
there that lovely legacy natural so
essentially a remake of a lovely classic
natural thermal gloss kid that was made
the 60s that's kind of a faithful
reproduction as close as you could get
I'm a guitar player so this just sounds
like blah blah blah blah blah blah yeah
but thanks when you hear it it's on you
here at it sounds plug around in there
okay cool thank you rich what's your
favorite thing in the store right now
come on what's your favorite huh
subdecay enemies echo let me see not
expensive delay pill it's still not
expensive with spillover cool yes most
delays I know your delay free so if you
say it's cool must be yes most delays as
soon as you turn them off the delay it's
stopped are you going to take it with
you to all tomorrow's parties when you
and your awesome band bear fog over
there I don't use the light for that bad
oh okay otherwise otherwise maybe okay
cool thanks it's your favorite thing in
the store right now Oh
why he me going into the pedal
case because it substantially how you
needed okay yeah right cuz nobody would
have guessed by looking at the pedal
case it wasn't highly secure talking
about musicians oh we got subdecay
liquid sunshine you know our way into
the subdecay right now okay what
you like about if the world needs
another overdrive pedal yeah what you
like about it got magic inside of it all
right fair enough so this is my favorite
thing in the store right now I have no
idea what it sounds like and don't even
care there are a lot of things to choose
from so it's kind of tough but right now
I think it's the sound city Concord am
mostly because it just has on all these
weird switches and graphics and
just calls out to me maybe I'll plug it
in sometime